[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>Where I need to go into
now is where we generally
start the slide presentation.
And this is where we start
talking about our belief
patterns and what we think
is true and is not true.
You see, we were all raised
with a certain-- most of us
were raised with a certain
belief pattern about how
things were and how things are.
And we have certain
limitations that
are placed on ourselves
by our parents
because of what we believe
is true and what is not true.
As this unfolds more
and more, you'll
see how important your
belief patterns are.
And there are many--
let's start another way.
The history of our
planet as we know it,
what we get in our history
books and our schools,
very well may not be true.
It may not even be close to
the truth, not even close.
Because realize that
whatever-- the books were
written by the people
that win the wars.
It was always wars that
shaped our history.
And so whoever won
that war said, well,
this is what happened.
And a lot of times it was just
a single person like a king
or something deciding
this is what happened.
And this may not be even true.
What would happen if Hitler
had won World War II?
How would the
history books read?
Totally different.
Totally.
You know, we would have been
the bad guys and, you know.
>>It was necessary to
cleanse the human--
>>It would be necessary
to [AUDIO OUT] important.
All these various things.
Totally would have changed.
But we don't think about
that when we do these things.
We just assume this
is the way it is.
And on many, many, many
levels we've been given this.
Not just in history but
in all kinds of levels
we've been given this
same kind of thing.
Our parents tell us, you can
do this but you can't do this.
You can jump 6 feet high but
you can't jump 30 feet high.
The doctors tell us you
can cure this disease
but you can't cure that one.
And we keep putting these
walls and these limitations
on what's true and what's
possible and everything else.
Until someone comes along
and breaks those rules.
But in history,
the rules have been
broken many, many, many times.
But our history people just
keep shoving these things
under the mat.
They don't want us to see it.
They don't want us to know
about a lot of these things.
And it's only until really
recently, the last 20
years or so, that a
lot of these things
have been allowed
to be talked about.
Before that, you just
couldn't even talk about them.
They wouldn't let you.
So I'm starting
with this first one,
which is from Robert Temple.
He wrote a book called
"The Sirius Mystery,"
the star Sirius.
And he chose this
particular subject matter
after looking at,
I think, 11 or 12
other subjects that
were just about as good.
I'm glad he chose this
one for certain reasons
that you'll see.
And what Robert was
writing about it
was that there was
this tribe in Africa
called the Dogon tribe that
holds certain information
that, by our present-day
standards of understanding,
they could not have
this information.
It's impossible for them
to have the information.
It's written in these caves.
And it's been written in
these caves for 700 years.
It's all written
down in these caves.
And there's this one man, this
one Dogon man, who sits there.
And he's untouchable.
Nobody can ever touch him.
And he sits there
and guards the cave.
That's his whole job
for his whole life.
And when he's done, they
give it to this one other guy
who sits there for his whole
life and guards this cave.
And he has all these symbols
and everything in there.
And according to
the Dogons, they
talk about that there is
another star, a dark star,
that rotates around Sirius.
Sirius is the brightest
star in the sky.
It's a 4.6 magnitude.
And if you were to look at
the belt of Orion, which
is three stars, you could
go to your left about so far
in the sky and you'd come
over to this really, really
bright star, which is Sirius.
If you move the other way
you'll come up to the Pleiades.
And according to
the Dogons, there's
another star that
rotates around that star.
And they're very, very
specific about this other star.
They say that it's this very
heavy matter, extremely heavy
matter that the
star's made out of,
and that it's an
old ancient star,
and that it's real little, and
that revolves around this star.
Now this is where a
contradiction that I
have to check out on my own.
Everything I've ever read has
said that it was 50 years.
And however, a
television special
just came up recently
and said it was 60 years.
And I about fell over because
everything I've ever read
says only 50 years.
I'm not sure now.
I've got to check this out.
But it was either 50 or 60
years that this star rotated
around an even 50 or 60 years.
Well, we have
checked here on Earth
and have never been
able to see this star.
And we didn't know, so we
just assumed it was fantasy.
Until I believe in the 1950s
they got a telescope finally--
I had thought also that it
had been done from space when
they first put one in space.
But they said in
this TV thing that it
had been done from the ground.
They finally got
to the place where
they were able to see this star
one way or another out there.
And they saw this star
and were able to locate
and they did locate this other
little star moving around it.
And when they did they were
amazed because the star
was a white dwarf.
Stars are like people.
They live and they grow.
We'll talk about this again
if we have time today.
They have very definite
growth patterns.
They move through very definite
levels of awareness and changes
that are very specific.
And our star is a baby star.
It starts out at
hydrogen. And then
all the light and life
that's on this planet
comes from a fusion
reaction of two hydrogen
atoms that form helium.
But then eventually
when the helium process
builds up great enough
inside there, when
the concentration
of helium builds up
and another fusion
reaction begins,
which is three helium atoms
coming together forming carbon.
Which just took place
on our Sun in 1972,
which is the beginning
of a similar situation
here on Earth.
And that process keeps going on.
And when a star
gets old and gets
toward the end of
this fusion process
and it moves into a certain
area of space, it has a choice.
It can either blow up
and become a supernova,
or it can expand out and become
a red giant, at which point
it will contract back in
and become a white dwarf.
And so the first thing they did.
This happened to be
a white dwarf, which
is what they said it was.
A little, ancient, small star.
It's a very
compressed, tiny star.
And when they
calculated its orbit,
it was exactly
whatever they said.
It was either 50 or 60 years.
Instead of 50
years, it was 50.1.
It was so close, it was
almost exactly the same.
And that just couldn't
be a coincidence.
It's just too much.
And they described in great
detail how heavy this was.
Well, I remember the first day
that I got-- 20 years ago or so
when I was studying
this-- was that 1
cubic inch of a white dwarf,
if it was brought on Earth,
would be 2,000 pounds.
And I remember saying
that at one point.
And people would go,
wow, 2,000 pounds.
Well, the new data that comes
up now, it's 1 cubic inch
is 1.6 million tons.
If you can imagine 1.6
million tons in 1 inch.
If you put it down
on the ground,
it would just keep going
to the center of the Earth.
There wouldn't be
much to stop it.
So when they said it was
heavy, they weren't kidding.
It was really a heavy star.
And so the fact that they were
able to do this was amazing.
They held other data
that is also impossible.
They had great detail of the
planets, what they looked like,
what was on them,
what the colors were
as they approached them.
All kinds of data that
is all written down
in the caves which
we didn't even know
until just the last few years.
Similar-- I can't remember,
Voyager or whatever
it was that was going
out there, as it went
past some of those
planets, began
to realize that
this data was true.
So at one point
not too long ago,
we sent a scientific team
to these guys to ask them,
how do you know this?
How do you know
this information?
Which in a way was
kind of a big mistake
because, if you realize that
their information is correct,
then you've got
to accept how they
got the information, right?
But since they found that
piece of information out,
that's where they would
show they were right.
Because what the Dogon said
was, well, this flying saucer
came out of the sky, came
down and landed on three legs.
And they've got a picture
of this in the cave also.
And that the beams in the ship
made a big hole in the ground.
They filled it with
water and they jumped out
and they looked like dolphins.
And they came up to the edge
of the water and talked to them
and told them about
the planet, that this
is where they came from.
This is what they said.
And the scientists
just said, nah.
[LAUGHTER]
And just shoved
it under the rug.
But this was the picture
that they gave to them.
They called them
the Nommo, N-O-M-O.
And that they were half in and
out of water and they breathed
air.
And they had the
fin facing this way,
which is the only-- there's
no fish that have this.
Only the animals, the
cetacean nation, has fins.
I forget, what's
that called when
it's f-- it's got a name
when it's facing this way.
So these were cetaceans.
These were air-breathing animals
that came out and lived here.
And they were dolphin-like,
anyway, put it that way.
Cannot say for certain
that they were dolphins.
And they said that when
the Nommo came here,
that a new star
appeared in the heavens
and that it hung in
the sky over them.
And that the Nommo
said that they
came from the star, which
was really the mother ship
they came down from.
And that as soon
as the Nommo left,
when they left and did this,
it started disappearing.
So this is a very interesting
little bit of information.
There was another
bit of information
that was extraordinary that
was given to the scientists
and was studied by a group
of Australian astronomers.
They said that this was the
image, that this image was
given to them a long time ago.
Now realize, the Dogons
lived near Timbuktu
in northern Africa in
the desert and they're
talking about dolphins, right?
And this information
has now been
traced way back into ancient
Egypt and further back
into Sumeria, which
we'll talk about later.
This may be more
ancient than what
Robert Temple has [INAUDIBLE].
But anyway, this
particular pattern
was given to them, which they
said was the view of A and B
from Earth.
It's now called Sirius A
and Sirius B. And Sirius A,
it isn't A or B, which
is the little dark star.
It moves around
Sirius A like this.
It's a more complex pattern.
There's a third place in space,
and Sirius B moves like this
and Sirius A moves
like this around it.
And the two make a
double helical pattern
as they move through space in
this complex pattern, which,
according to computers
in Australia,
is identical to
the DNA molecule.
And they found that, again,
an amazing little thing.
But what was real interesting
is that this pattern, which
is at least 700
years old, happened
to be a specific time thing.
In other words, when
it's put into computers,
that ever-changing
pattern from Earth,
that this specific pattern
was exactly from the year 1912
to 1990.
And those are real important
dates, those particular dates,
especially 1912.
When we talk about the
Philadelphia experiment
and stuff later on, that
was a very important moment
in our history in 1912.
And so why the dolphins
wanted us to know exactly
about this particular
time, I don't know for sure
except that it is
very pertinent to us,
and this happened to
be the time when we
were even aware of the pattern.
We wouldn't even have known
what the pattern was before,
but they were giving us
one earlier than that.
So just realizing
this is one little bit
of information showing
that maybe there's
something else going
on in our history
other than what the history
books are telling us.
In 1985, I was
giving a-- I gave a--
took a tour of people, small
group of people, through Peru.
And we went along-- one of the
things we were going to do is
to go along the Inca Trail,
the original Inca Trail,
which is about 40 miles
through the jungle,
14,000-foot peaks and stuff.
Drops down into Machu Picchu.
And the night before we
were going to take-- you
have to take this little train
out in the middle of nowhere
and then leap out the
windows of this train.
And it'll stop for 30
seconds and take off again.
And yeah, I was saying,
where you begin the trip.
The night before
this took place,
we were in a place
called Cusco, which
is a city in the shape
of a puma, a cat.
And we were in this very fancy
hotel, four-star hotel there.
I don't remember the name of it.
It'll come up here in a minute.
And one of the people
I was traveling with
was one of these people that had
been on one of the expositions
over to Dogon tribe.
And he was telling me a lot
of the stuff about this.
And he was telling me
how the number 23 was
so important to the Dogons
because the star Sirius dips
below-- from the
Northern Hemisphere it
dips below the Southern
Hemisphere, at least
from Egypt, put it that
place-- on the 23rd of July
and stays down-- or excuse
me, dips below a couple months
earlier than that.
But it rises up above the
horizon on the 23rd of July.
And it's called the
helical rising of Sirius.
At that particular moment,
early in the moment,
right before the sun
comes up, in fact,
60 seconds before the sun comes
up, approximately, the star
Sirius rises above the horizon.
And it comes up a ruby red star.
And then 60 seconds
later, the sun
comes up directly behind
that, which blocks it out.
And so at that moment that
the sun rises, in deep space,
you have the star Sirius,
our Sun, and the Earth
in a straight line.
And that was the first day
of the [INAUDIBLE] calendar,
which is the Egyptian calendar.
And many other of
the ancient calendars
were based on the
helical rising of Sirius.
Why they chose
that we don't know.
But as this unfolds about
Sirius here in a few minutes,
you'll become a pretty
good idea why they
chose that particular moment.
Anyway, I'm sitting in Peru.
I'm feeling like I'm
in Peru right now.
It's getting colder
in this room.
>>Yeah, it is.
>>Oh, yeah.
Is it possible to come up at
least a couple degrees or so?
And we get Room 23, of course.
And we go in Room 23.
He's telling us, hey,
we've got Room 23.
A good sign also, I think.
We go in Room 23, and on the
bed was this symbol in Peru.
And I remember standing there
for about five minutes looking
at this, and we
were going, trying
to figure out the link in our--
we didn't even say anything.
We just looked at this bed
for about five minutes,
trying to figure out how that
symbol had got from the Dogons
in Africa over to Peru.
Because it was the same one.
Or very, very, very close to it.
In fact, it was the Hotel
San Agustin International
in Cusco, Peru.
And I went around
to all the people
and said-- you know, people
that worked there-- you know,
what does this mean to you?
Well, it has something
to do with our creation.
They didn't know.
They were almost all
Spanish that ran this thing.
They didn't really know the
creation stories of the Indians
that were hunting this.
So it wasn't until I
got to Lake Titicaca,
and it was the-- it
wasn't a catchy one.
It was the ones that float
out on the islands out there.
Uros?
Is that what they are?
Can't remember.
Anyway, it was an island
tribe that they live on reeds.
They build their islands
daily by putting reeds.
And they float on these islands.
They've got these
whole cities out there
with buildings and cars
and everything else.
No cars, but buildings.
[LAUGHTER]
But there's buildings,
metal buildings
and everything else floating
out on these reeds out there.
Houses and homes and chickens
and goats and everything else
like that.
And they did it a long time
ago to escape being killed.
And they just stayed there.
It's real weird when you're
walking on these things
because you look off and
there's water right there.
And they're saying,
now walk where we walk.
And we're walking
exactly where they walk.
And if you walk in the wrong
place, you just floomp.
[LAUGHTER]
They lost somebody
a week before.
They kept saying, now
we lost somebody a week
before so stay real close.
I was walking exactly
where they walked.
Anyway, they told us, oh,
yeah, they knew what this was.
And they said that was
the creation symbol.
And pretty soon after
a while we started
talking to other Indians, and
they all had the same story,
pretty close.
Same thing.
This flying saucer came
out of the sky, landed
in Lake Titicaca, and these
dolphin-like creatures
came out, jumped
up into the water,
came up to the shoreline,
and talked to them,
and began their culture.
Now when you read
Zecharia Sitchin,
which I'm going to talk about
his work a little later.
He talks about how the
first piece of land
that broke the
surface of the water
was the Island of the Sun,
which is in Bolivia, which is
in the middle of Lake Titicaca.
And there's a rock there, which
is supposedly the point that
broke the surface.
And that that was
where Thoth came to
and landed there and began
the Incan culture, anyway.
Which is exactly what
Thoth told me, exactly.
Before I'd ever even
heard of Zecharia Sitchin.
He said he went to
the Island of the Sun
and that's where he stepped
out and began the whole thing.
He was summoned.
It's really amazing.
I didn't know about Zecharia
until about the last two years
or so.
Because most of the history
that I got I got from this man
named Thoth, who I'll talk
about it in a little bit.
And I couldn't-- it was just
absolutely amazing to me as I
was reading this that
how the Sumerian records,
which we're going to talk
about in just a moment,
and what Thoth had told me from
another dimensional level just
fit together like, just
like two perfect keys.
I can't find any
mistakes at all.
Can't find even anything.
It seems perfect.
Which are the actual
written records
of our history, which we're just
becoming aware of right now.
We're just now
becoming aware of what
was written down in Sumeria.
Give me just a few more
minutes and I'll get to that.
So anyway, here is
a very similar story
about dolphins
somehow having to do
with the creation of this area.
If you want to read an
article, which I have here.
This also came out of Australia.
It's called "Our Father,
Who Art In Water. "
Which is a lot of the dolphin
data that has been gathered
from around the world.
If you read this
article, which I guess
we can copy or something.
I don't have.
It's a pretty thick one here.
And really amazing here.
Because all over the
world a similar story
is told, how dolphins have
had an amazing influence
in the creation of a lot
of the ancient cultures,
especially around
the Mediterranean,
from Greece to lots and lots
and lots of places there,
not just Greece.
There's a lot of other
places that they've
had a deep influence.
And their influence on Australia
has been very, very powerful.
The original ships that landed
in Australia, the lead ship
was called the "Sirius."
And it's now called Sirius
Bay where they landed.
And the star, Sirius star,
is on the Australian flag.
And there's more dolphins around
the continent of Atlantis--
I mean, Atlantis.
Of Australia than anywhere
else in the world.
No one knows how
many, of course.
There's a lot of
dolphins in the world.
I don't know if you
know how many dolphins.
Most people think there are
a few dolphins out there
in the ocean and
they're endangered
and we've got to be careful.
That's far from the truth.
There are certain species of
dolphins that are endangered,
like the pink dolphins
of the Amazon River,
and there are a few other ones
that are really endangered.
But by and large, we've got,
what, 5 and 1/2 billion people
in the world.
That's nothing compared
to the dolphins.
There are seven dolphins
minimum per every person.
There's at least 35 billion
dolphins in the waters.
That's a conservative estimate.
And there may be as many as 50
billion dolphins in the waters.
It's incredible.
And they're a race of
beings from another place,
as we unfold here.
And they're on a
level of consciousness
so far beyond where we're
at now that we can't hardly
talk about it.
Anyway, I will talk about it.
[LAUGHTER]
But they probably had a big
influence on us at one point.
I'm going to change the
subject a little bit
here and go to-- this is out
of the "Clarion Call" magazine,
"Mathematics and the Spiritual
Dimensions," by David Osborn.
And I don't know if David
was the one who first came up
with this or not, but he was
the one that reported it.
The Sanskrit language has
been around a long time.
It's one of the oldest
languages in the world,
so we're talking
about going back maybe
close to 6,000 years old.
And for a long time,
well, there were
a lot of these little poems that
were in the Sanskrit language.
And eventually at one point
they translated the language.
And when they
interpreted the poems,
they believed that that was
it, that they had finished
their job, that once
they interpreted
the poems that was about
all there was to the poems.
Until recently.
And I guess this has been,
maybe-- I don't know,
I'm guessing-- four
or five years ago.
And they discovered that the
Sanskrit had numerical value
to the various sounds.
Again, remember ka the spirit?
And ka happens to
be either 0 or 1.
But you have all
these different sounds
that are possible in there.
And there is a numerical
value associated
with each one of these sounds.
And in this particular poem,
and they're unfolding this now
on all of them, I guess.
They took the various sounds
and put the numerical value
to them.
Now I don't know
how they figured out
the numerical value.
Don't ask me that.
You'll have to go back
and research their things.
But when they did
that on here, they
found something that
was rather amazing.
They found pi to 32
digits of accuracy.
Now these are supposedly
hairy barbarians back there
who are just emerging
out of nothingness,
from our present-day thinking.
How could they possibly
create accuracy to 32 digits?
This is it right here.
Only there's no decimal point.
So it's really pi/10.
So they don't know where
the decimal point is.
So that kind of perfection
could not be a coincidence.
Impossible.
If that was a coincidence, that
would even be more ridiculous.
And yet there is proof that
they had the ability to do that,
right back from the
very, very beginning.
Well, way back there
in the beginning,
there are all kinds of things
that archaeologists and people
who study these things
really don't understand--
at least most of
them-- don't really
know how it was even possible.
The Sumerian culture just-- in
approximately 3800 BC-- just
appeared out of nowhere
with a full language
and a full spectrum of
knowledge, some of which
we're just regaining right now.
For one thing, they knew the
precession of the equinoxes.
They knew that-- which is--
precession of the equinoxes
is that there's a-- if this
was the axis of the Earth,
there's a wobble in that axis.
And if you were to
look at that tip,
it forms an elliptical pattern.
And it takes a little less
than 26,000 years for that pin
to go around.
It's about 20-- depends on
who you talk to-- 25,900,
roughly, years.
950, some people say.
Some people say 850.
But a little less than 26,000
years to go around one time.
They knew it exactly.
It's been calculated
by astronomers
that it would take 2,160
years minimum to even know
that you were in a wobble.
So if the culture
started in 3800 BC
and they knew that in 3800
BC and there was nothing
before that, no
writing, no nothing,
then how did they
know that we were
in a precession of
the equinoxes when
it takes 2,160 years of
continual, constant every day
and night observation to be
able to come up with that?
They had written--
Sumerians had written
on their walls the
entire solar system,
the whole solar system, all
the way up to Neptune, Pluto,
all of them, all the way out
there in their very exact sizes
and everything and
shapes on the wall.
They had written in
cuneiform on these clay,
round clay tablets,
which they now
have over 100,000 of
these clay tablets out,
and they're madly
trying to get them out,
interpreted and written
out and what they mean.
And what's unfolding is a
whole new history beyond our--
it's almost "Star Trek,"
what's coming out of that.
It's amazing what's
coming out of this.
It's hard to accept, but I'm
going to go into it anyway.
Because it is history.
It's archeology.
This is what our ancient
people are telling us.
The oldest people that we know,
this is what they are saying
is happening, which is
totally different than what
we've been told.
They had the planets
described in detail,
in absolute detail of what it
looks like to approach them
from space.
And I mean, so much
so that when we
were passing past the further
one, Neptune, et cetera,
and went past those,
Zecharia Sitchin,
from reading the
records, was able to tell
NASA what they were going to
find before they got there.
And he was 100% accurate.
Telling them the exact colors
and nature of the planets
before they ever
even arrived there.
And he purposely
publicly did it because--
and he was just
reading the records.
And he did it beforehand so
that they couldn't say, well,
you knew.
Because he did it before we
knew, before we got there.
And he was absolutely
accurate in that.
And all he did was just
read out of the records.
So how could they have
known all these things?
Somebody is not telling
us the truth here.
Somebody's going
to say, you know,
something just isn't right.
And there's a lot more.
There's a really big
one going on right now.
This is a really, really big
thing happening right now.
And it has to do with
the Sphinx in Egypt.
There's a man named
John Anthony West.
And I really support his work.
I highly recommend
you listen carefully
to everything he has to
say right now because he's
changing the face of history.
And he's already done it.
It's just now a matter
of throwing out the books
and starting over again.
We don't have any
choice anymore.
He happened to notice.
He wasn't the first person
to notice this, by the way.
The first person was Schwaller
de Lubicz a long time ago.
He noticed that the Sphinx had
incredible wear patterns on it.
These wear patterns were
as much as 12 feet deep.
And it was Schwaller
de Lubicz who
noticed by looking at them that
this sits in the desert here.
And was it the Gobi
Desert, is that what it is?
>>Sahara.
>>Sahara Desert.
And the Sahara Desert is
at least 7,000 years old.
That's been determined
through geology.
And the wear patterns,
however, that are on there
appear to be made by water,
not by sand and wind, which
is the only erosion factors
that are in a desert.
But they appear to
be made by water.
And it was Schwaller
de Lubicz who
stated this a long time ago, 30,
40 years ago, whenever it was.
And there have been
other archaeologists who
have come up, like John
Anthony West, who can also
see this and say, you know.
Because [INAUDIBLE] saying
it at-- what the date-- was
that 20-- 2600 BC, I think?
They put it in the
Fourth Dynasty of Cheops,
roughly, somewhere
around back in there.
And there were many buildings
that were made at the same time
by Cheops.
And when you go to
those buildings, which
were supposedly made at
the exact same moment
these were made,
and you look at them
and they look like
they're brand new.
There's hardly any
wear on them at all.
You come to this and it's
like, wow, this is incredible.
And so nobody would
listen to this.
Nobody would-- for many,
many, many, many years,
nobody would listen to
Schwaller de Lubicz,
no one would listen
to John Anthony West.
And other people, I'm sure,
who have looked at this
and thought the same thing.
This is really very old.
And finally John got this
geologist, Robert Schoch,
I think is his name,
of the United States,
to take the time to go
over there and look at it.
And he did.
And then by many trips of
going over there and by doing
that pure, straight, scientific
analysis of the wear patterns
and using computers and all
the other various things
that we have now, regardless of
what anybody else has to say.
Forget about the archaeologists,
what they have to say about it.
From a pure geological
point of view,
that thing has water
patterns on it,
wear patterns on
it from the water.
And it's been
calculated that it would
take 1,000 years of
constant torrential rain
to create that depth of wear.
Which means that
this is a lot older.
It had to go back
before the desert.
That put it back
7,000 years old.
And another thousand
years minimum, less
if it rained constantly
day and night
and never stopped with
total buckets pouring on it.
And put it back 8,000 years old.
So they're saying, well,
it's probably somewhere
between 10,000 and
15,000 years old.
And that's been
established over there.
And by doing that pure, straight
scientific analysis of the wear
patterns and using computers
and all the other various things
that we have now.
Regardless of what
anybody else has to say.
Forget about the archaeologists,
what they have to say about it.
From a pure geological
point of view,
that thing has water
patterns on it,
wear patterns on
it from the water.
And it's been
calculated that it would
take 1,000 years of
constant torrential rain
to create that depth of wear.
Which means that
this is a lot older.
It had to go back
before the desert.
That puts it back
7,000 years old.
And another 1,000
years minimum, less
if it rained constantly
day and night
and never stopped with
total buckets pouring on it.
And put it back 8,000 years old.
So they're saying, well,
it's probably somewhere
between 10,000 and
15,000 years old.
And that's been established.
And the scientific
community has--
there's a huge-- I've got
all the paperwork here.
You can look at it.
That happened, I
think, in 1990, 1991.
They had the
scientific community
came together and
investigated all of his work
and looked at it.
Other people have gone
over and at this point,
they're just shrugging
their shoulders.
It's true.
It's got to be true.
This has got to be at
least 10,000 years old.
Well, according to
everything that we know,
the Sumerian culture
began in 3800 BC.
Before that, nothing.
No writing, no
culture, no nothing.
Just hairy barbarians wandering
around bumping into trees
and hitting each other
over the head with clubs.
And all of a sudden,
bingo, here's
this amazing culture that
appears out of nowhere.
And so if there was nothing
before 3800 BC, which
is what all your history
books are going to tell you,
and that's 10,000 years
old minimum, who did it?
Obviously this is a great
dilemma for historians.
And the way it looks,
they'll have to be rewritten.
And now they're going to have
to take Plato a little serious.
It's even been talked about
in the United Nations.
They're going to have to take
him a little serious because he
referred to this
place called Atlantis,
where there was another
culture long before him.
No one ever took it seriously.
Now they've got to
take that seriously.
They've got to start
investigating to find out
who was there because
this is the largest
sculpture in the world.
And it required somebody,
a little bit more
than primitive people
doing-- wandering around.
For those of you who are Edgar
Cayce fans and from the ARE
and this kind of thing.
Is there anybody here from that?
A few people?
Edgar Cayce talked about
the Halls of Records
and how that someday these
records would be opened
and that they would prove
that there had been cultures,
vast cultures on the Earth,
way beyond our imagination
right now.
No, not beyond our
imagination because there's
a third dimension.
We could imagine it, but
beyond our belief, almost.
And that have lived
on Earth going back
5 and 1/2 million years.
And according to Thoth, who was
the first thing I talked about,
we actually have cultures
on this planet going back
500 million years,
way, way, way, way
beyond where we're at now.
This is nothing compared
to where we've been before.
But with no traces,
or almost no traces
left, which we'll explain
why there's no traces of it
right now.
And then according
to Cayce, this
would be the key that
would open up the halls.
And the halls are where
these physical records
are that can be carbon dated
and even further and other ways
to date back to prove that
these things are ancient.
And also you can still use
them, and they can do things
that we can hardly
believe, which
will prove that they were vast
sciences way back in that.
And this would be the opening.
The opening, they said, would be
in the right paw of the Sphinx.
And for a long time
they thought that was
sort of an arbitrary place, just
the right paw of the Sphinx.
So what?
But it's not
arbitrary, you'll see.
All of this has-- there's logic
and meaning behind all of this.
And the records are not held
just on physical objects.
Records are held on many
dimensional levels surrounding
this.
So I find it very
appropriate that even
though books like
what Robert wrote
and a lot of other things.
And there's lots
of other things.
You could keep going on
in this for a long time.
There's a lot of other
stuff that has come up
that has challenged the
belief systems of the history,
that this happens to be the
object that actually cracked
the egg.